Adding name and checkbox to newsletter (#833)
vtex-apps/store-components: docs/Newsletter.md

| `placeholder` | `String` | Placeholder of the email input | `Enter your email address` (translated text) |
| `submit` | `String` | Label of the submit button | `Sign up` (translated text) |
| `hideLabel` | `Boolean` | Hide label | `false` |

> | `showName` | `Boolean` | Show name input | `false` |
> | `placeholderName` | `String` | Placeholder of the name input | `""` |
> | `showTerms` | `Boolean` | Show checkbox for terms | `false` |
> | `checkboxText` | `String` | Placeholder of the terms checkbox | `""` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `showName` | `boolean` | Whether the name input should be displayed (`true`) or not (`false`). | `false` |
| `placeholderName` | `string` | Name input text string | `null` |
| `showTerms` | `boolean` | Whether a checkbox for terms should be displayed (`true`) or not (`false`).  |  `false` |
| `checkboxText` | `string` | Text string for terms checkbox. | `null` |
```

Reviewer: Don't know if I correctly understood the idea for `name input`. What is it?

Author: the input for the name of the user, some stores are already using some kind of custom component to get the name and the email
